feat(eslint-plugin): [unbound-method] improve error message (#3203)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/unbound-method.md

Class functions don't preserve the class scope when passed as standalone variables.

> If you think it is intended, you can try to add `this: void` as the first function parameter or use arrow function instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your function does not access `this`, [you can annotate it with `this: void`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/functions.html#declaring-this-in-a-function), or consider using an arrow function instead.
```
